Hello dear friends with you I am a crane
and today we will talk with you about this
recent innovations like marks on
guns tell more about
the mechanics of charging this mark all
calculations are starting with the release of the update
91 what is the most interesting thing
indicator to get marks on
guns is the average total damage
what does this mean total mean
damage is your main damage plus damage by
for your light damage, plus assist in fu
a caterpillar track minus damage done
according to the allies everything is very simple further
going to average statistics for
the last few days or rather 7 days
and calculated boundary indicators
65 percent average damage
85-95
exceeding which user gets
deserved a number of labels exceed
and 65 percent damage indicators
players will get one star 85
exceed get 2 95 enter five
percent of players for damage that is
get as many as possible three marks
statistics going over the last chair
battles on the tank but for an experienced player
it may be enough to spend 72 to
example to exceed the indicator
95 percent of the players and get three
marks roughly speaking every fight changes
Player component with a weight of one-hundredth as
first hundred battles form a skill score
player follow-up battles after first 100
continue to change the result to great
side if more damage is received
average skill grows or less if
damage less than average for 1
100 battles skill so let's say decreases
indicator is displayed for each
tank in the achievement of technology
explicit reward your score
damage is better than y percent of players
the same tanks
also you can turn off the marks but
only for your tank mark of others
the player you will always see in the end
more simply need to keep as much as possible
high total damage
about which we spoke at the beginning of the extreme
100 fights for maximum
result
much information but nothing at all
there is no difficulty in keeping good
damage 100 krayany last fights and you
get your deserved three marks
which I wish you and I hope you all
it became clear and understandable to all thanks that
watched with you I was a crane
subscribe to the channel and see you soon
bye for now